Support for auth_proxy integration (#109)
canonical/jenkins-k8s-operator: docs/how-to/integrate-with-iam.md

# How to integrate with IAM

> This charm supports integration with the [IAM bundle](https://charmhub.io/iam) via [Oathkeeper](https://charmhub.io/oathkeeper), adding an authentication layer that will front the Jenkins applications. When enabled, the [reverse-proxy-auth-plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin/) will be installed and configured, blocking unaothorised access to Jenkins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This charm supports integration with the [IAM bundle](https://charmhub.io/iam) via [Oathkeeper](https://charmhub.io/oathkeeper), adding an authentication layer that will front the Jenkins applications. When enabled, the [reverse-proxy-auth-plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin/) will be installed and configured, blocking unauthorised access to Jenkins.
```
just a small typo correction :D

The steps to enable this mechanism are described below.

> ## Deploy the IAM bundle

Reviewer: I'm wondering if numerical headings could help since these are steps :)

Author: There are some other analogous cases where this is the format that we follow, so I think consistency should be taken into account. We can discuss this for general guidance :)

To deploy the IAM bundle, follow [the corresponding section of the tutorial](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-identity-platform/tutorials/e2e-tutorial#heading--0001) and configure it with the Identity Provider of your choice, as described in [the documentation](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-identity-platform/tutorials/e2e-tutorial#heading--0002).

## Deploy Oathkeeper

Oathkeeper will interface between Jenkins and the IAM bundle. You will need to deploy the charm and issue and configure TLS certificates for in-cluster communication. Note that the [self-signed-certificates charm](https://charmhub.io/self-signed-certificates) is already deployed as part of the IAM bundle.

```
juju deploy oathkeeper --channel edge --trust
juju integrate oathkeeper:certificates self-signed-certificates
```

> To leverage proxy authentication, enable traefiks feature and integrate the traefik charm instante with oathkeeper. As earlier, traefik-public is already deployed as part of the bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To leverage proxy authentication, enable traefik's `enable_experimental_forward_auth` feature and integrate the traefik charm instance with Oathkeeper. As earlier, traefik-public is already deployed as part of the bundle.
```

```
juju config traefik-public enable_experimental_forward_auth=True
juju integrate oathkeeper traefik-public:experimental-forward-auth
```

Finally, integrate Oathkeeper with [Kratos](https://charmhub.io/kratos), the User Management system, also part of the IAM bundle.
```
juju integrate oathkeeper kratos
```

## Configure the Jenkins charm

Jenkins needs to be accessible via the same ingress in which Oathkeeper has been configured for the requests to be redirected, so upon integrating with it and with Oathkeeper itself. Authentication is set up in place.
```
juju integrate jenkins-k8s:ingress traefik-public
juju integrate oathkeeper jenkins-k8s:auth-proxy

> ```

Reviewer 2: This seems to be missing a "and now you can connect to X URL and validate Y functionality".
